fix(storybook): disable analytics on non-local environments j:kit-5701 (#7575)
coveo/ui-kit: .changeset/plenty-hounds-rescue.md

---
"@coveo/atomic": patch
---

> fix disabling of analytics on production environments for storybook documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disable Coveo analytics in Storybook when running outside of local environment (e.g., on the documentation site)
```

Author: Thanks!

> disable Coveo analytics in Storybook when running outside of local environment (e.g., on the documentation site)

Reviewer 2: No need for a changeset for this change as storybook isn't part of the atomic bundle. This is a documentation only change so you don't need a changeset !

Author: Ok thanks I'll remove it! I thought that because it was still accessible by customers that it needed to be mentionned.
